CodeBook.md, before:

---
title: "Codebook template"
author: "Your name here"
date: "The date here"
output:
  html_document:
    keep_md: yes
---

## Project Description
Short description of the project

##Study design and data processing

###Collection of the raw data
Description of how the data was collected.

###Notes on the original (raw) data 
Some additional notes (if avaialble, otherwise you can leave this section out).

##Creating the tidy datafile

###Guide to create the tidy data file
Description on how to create the tidy data file (1. download the data, ...)/

###Cleaning of the data
Short, high-level description of what the cleaning script does. [link to the readme document that describes the code in greater detail]()

##Description of the variables in the tiny_data.txt file
General description of the file including:
 - Dimensions of the dataset
 - Summary of the data
 - Variables present in the dataset

(you can easily use Rcode for this, just load the dataset and provide the information directly form the tidy data file)

###Variable 1 (repeat this section for all variables in the dataset)
Short description of what the variable describes.

Some information on the variable including:
 - Class of the variable
 - Unique values/levels of the variable
 - Unit of measurement (if no unit of measurement list this as well)
 - In case names follow some schema, describe how entries were constructed (for example time-body-gyroscope-z has 4 levels of descriptors. Describe these 4 levels). 

(you can easily use Rcode for this, just load the dataset and provide the information directly form the tidy data file)

####Notes on variable 1:
If available, some additional notes on the variable not covered elsewehere. If no notes are present leave this section out.

##Sources
Sources you used if any, otherise leave out.

##Annex
If you used any code in the codebook that had the echo=FALSE attribute post this here (make sure you set the results parameter to 'hide' as you do not want the results to show again)

Commit message:

CodeBook & run_analysis
run_analysis script downloads and merges files together. Updates to
Codebook.

CodeBook.md, after:

---
title: "Getting and Cleaning Data Course Project"
author: "Filshie"
date: "25/10/2015"
output:
  html_document:
    keep_md: yes
---

## Project Description
The purpose of this project is to collect, work with, and clean a data set collected from wearable computing - specifically accelerometer data from the Samsung Galaxy S smartphone. 

##Study design and data processing

###Collection of the raw data
A zip file of the data downdoaded from the UCI Machine Learning Repository.
Link to UCI website:
http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Human+Activity+Recognition+Using+Smartphones 

Direct link to data:
https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fprojectfiles%2FUCI%20HAR%20Dataset.zip

##Creating the tidy datafile

###Guide to create the tidy data file
Description on how to create the tidy data file (1. download the data, ...)/

###Cleaning of the data
Short, high-level description of what the cleaning script does. [link to the readme document that describes the code in greater detail]()

##Description of the variables in the tiny_data.txt file
General description of the file including:
 - Dimensions of the dataset
 - Summary of the data
 - Variables present in the dataset

(you can easily use Rcode for this, just load the dataset and provide the information directly form the tidy data file)

###Variable 1 (repeat this section for all variables in the dataset)
Short description of what the variable describes.

Some information on the variable including:
 - Class of the variable
 - Unique values/levels of the variable
 - Unit of measurement (if no unit of measurement list this as well)
 - In case names follow some schema, describe how entries were constructed (for example time-body-gyroscope-z has 4 levels of descriptors. Describe these 4 levels). 

(you can easily use Rcode for this, just load the dataset and provide the information directly form the tidy data file)

##Sources
Link to UCI website:
http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Human+Activity+Recognition+Using+Smartphones
